now welcome to the transit areal
for permanent why circle and communes
I explain how to do that
ever get this coming
you have to sell yourself as well
it seems only solo choir
I have never seen multiple
I have to buy it must go down
again , marseille already removes the
green smoke and that means you
grab and you can handle three
would withstand the blows promote
animal death last explanation why that
are training as you can in it
making as well as in transit because
So these are the main maps say now
times the permanent works you also in
You still had transit in here
Dreis if you make 1 in davos now
then you have them in transit and
the other way round
So I hope that understands funny
but well , that's not how it is now
as permanent as you think because I show
you're in the second game
I now always experience one on one
almhütte will
So I did my job that was it
still in their own game
and then I had yesterday I've yet
participated only online games by
my team no more
so it's not that prominent so it's exciting
Do not get up and ask in the
comments to
Why is it suddenly with you ?
Often it is so natural now
also what happens if you can
is buying again so is actually synonymous
Clear that you have at least one and more
that is also holds so this time
five strokes out and the sixth man
dying is right in any case
cool feature what the now with the
patch 1.06 have brought in
the patch 1.06 was also released yesterday
the ps3 so the ps3 people can do that
already do it this time
the xbox live were already five six
make days earlier if I have such a
week a little bit more
yes that was it for this video
and we'll see ours again the next